Add subworkflow: Prelude (#97)
nf-core/mcmicro: docs/output.md

```

### Summary

We generate a MultiQC formatted report with the extracted OME-xml data and the marker sheet information so the user can debug their parameters.

<details>
<summary>Output files</summary>

- summary\_{sample_name}\_samplesheet_mqc.tsv : MultiQC formatted TSV with sample's parameter validation
- summary\_{sample_name}\_xml_mqc.tsv : MultiQC formatted TSV with sample's extracted OME-xml data validation

> - summary_markersheet.tif : Markersheet as inputted by user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- summary_markersheet_mqc.tsv : Markersheet as inputted by user
```
